<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [VError][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Properties][3]
    -   [Examples][4]
    -   [assignInfo][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [info][7]
    -   [toString][8]
    -   [cause][9]
    -   [isVError][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [assignInfo][12]
        -   [Parameters][13]
    -   [cause][14]
        -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [info][16]
        -   [Parameters][17]
    -   [findCauseByName][18]
        -   [Parameters][19]
    -   [hasCauseWithName][20]
        -   [Parameters][21]
    -   [fullStack][22]
        -   [Parameters][23]
    -   [errorFromList][24]
        -   [Parameters][25]
    -   [errorForEach][26]
        -   [Parameters][27]
-   [VErrorOptions][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]
-   [PError][30]
    -   [Parameters][31]
-   [SError][32]
    -   [Parameters][33]
-   [MultiError][34]
    -   [Parameters][35]
    -   [Examples][36]
    -   [errors][37]
-   [WError][38]
    -   [Parameters][39]
    -   [toString][40]
    -   [cause][41]
        -   [Parameters][42]

## VError

About Constructor:
All of these forms construct a new VError that behaves just like the built-in
JavaScript `Error` class, with some additional methods described below.

About Properties:
For all of these classes except `PError`, the printf-style arguments passed to
the constructor are processed with `sprintf()` to form a message.
For `WError`, this becomes the complete `message` property.  For `SError` and
`VError`, this message is prepended to the message of the cause, if any
(with a suitable separator), and the result becomes the `message` property.

The `stack` property is managed entirely by the underlying JavaScript
implementation.  It's generally implemented using a getter function because
constructing the human-readable stack trace is somewhat expensive.

### Parameters

-   `arg` **...([String][43] \| [VErrorOptions][44] \| [Error][45])?** sprintf args, options or cause
-   `args` **...[String][43]?** sprintf args

### Properties

-   `name` **[String][43]** Programmatically-usable name of the error.
-   `message` **[String][43]** Human-readable summary of the failure.
    Programmatically-accessible details are provided through `VError.info(err)`
    class method.
-   `stack` **[String][43]** Human-readable stack trace where the Error was
    constructed.

### Examples

```javascript
// This is the most general form.  You can specify any supported options
// including "cause" and "info") this way.</caption>
new VError(options, sprintf_args...)
```

```javascript
// This is a useful shorthand when the only option you need is "cause".
new VError(cause, sprintf_args...)
```

```javascript
// This is a useful shorthand when you don't need any options at all.
new VError(sprintf_args...)
```

### assignInfo

Appends any keys/fields to the existing jse_info. this can stomp over any
existing fields.

#### Parameters

-   `obj` **[Object][46]** source obj to assign fields from

Returns **[Object][46]** new info object

### info

Instance level convenience method vs using the static methods on VError.

Returns **[Object][46]** info object

### toString

A string representing the VError.

Returns **[String][43]** string representation

### cause

This method is provided for compatibility.  New callers should use
VError.cause() instead.  That method also uses the saner `null` return value
when there is no cause.

Returns **([undefined][47] \| [Error][45])** Error cause if any

### isVError

Checks if an error is a VError or VError sub-class.

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[Error][45]** error

Returns **[Boolean][48]** is a VError or VError sub-class

### assignInfo

Appends any keys/fields to the `jse_info`. This can stomp over any existing
fields.

Note: This method is static because in this way we don't need to check on
VError versions to be sure `assignInfo` method is supported.

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[Error][45]** error
-   `obj` **[Object][46]** source obj to assign fields from

Returns **[Object][46]** new info object

### cause

Returns the next Error in the cause chain for `err`, or `null` if there is no
next error.  See the `cause` argument to the constructor.
Errors can have arbitrarily long cause chains.  You can walk the `cause`
chain by invoking `VError.cause(err)` on each subsequent return value.
If `err` is not a `VError`, the cause is `null`.

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[VError][49]** error

Returns **([undefined][47] \| [Error][45])** Error cause if any

### info

Returns an object with all of the extra error information that's been
associated with this Error and all of its causes. These are the properties
passed in using the `info` option to the constructor. Properties not
specified in the constructor for this Error are implicitly inherited from
this error's cause.

These properties are intended to provide programmatically-accessible metadata
about the error.  For an error that indicates a failure to resolve a DNS
name, informational properties might include the DNS name to be resolved, or
even the list of resolvers used to resolve it.  The values of these
properties should generally be plain objects (i.e., consisting only of null,
undefined, numbers, booleans, strings, and objects and arrays containing only
other plain objects).

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[VError][49]** error

Returns **[Object][46]** info object

### findCauseByName

The `findCauseByName()` function traverses the cause chain for `err`, looking
for an error whose `name` property matches the passed in `name` value. If no
match is found, `null` is returned.

If all you want is to know _whether_ there's a cause (and you don't care what
it is), you can use `VError.hasCauseWithName(err, name)`.

If a vanilla error or a non-VError error is passed in, then there is no cause
chain to traverse. In this scenario, the function will check the `name`
property of only `err`.

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[VError][49]** error
-   `name` **[String][43]** name of cause Error

Returns **(null | [Error][45])** cause if any

### hasCauseWithName

Returns true if and only if `VError.findCauseByName(err, name)` would return
a non-null value.  This essentially determines whether `err` has any cause in
its cause chain that has name `name`.

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[VError][49]** error
-   `name` **[String][43]** name of cause Error

Returns **[Boolean][48]** has cause

### fullStack

Returns a string containing the full stack trace, with all nested errors
recursively reported as `'caused by:' + err.stack`.

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[VError][49]** error

Returns **[String][43]** full stack trace

### errorFromList

Given an array of Error objects (possibly empty), return a single error
representing the whole collection of errors. If the list has:

-   0 elements, returns `null`
-   1 element, returns the sole error
-   more than 1 element, returns a MultiError referencing the whole list

This is useful for cases where an operation may produce any number of errors,
and you ultimately want to implement the usual `callback(err)` pattern.
You can accumulate the errors in an array and then invoke
`callback(VError.errorFromList(errors))` when the operation is complete.

#### Parameters

-   `errors` **[Array][50]&lt;[Error][45]>** errors

Returns **(null | [Error][45] \| [MultiError][51])** single or multi error if any

### errorForEach

Convenience function for iterating an error that may itself be a MultiError.

In all cases, `err` must be an Error.  If `err` is a MultiError, then `func`
is invoked as `func(errorN)` for each of the underlying errors of the
MultiError.
If `err` is any other kind of error, `func` is invoked once as `func(err)`.
In all cases, `func` is invoked synchronously.

This is useful for cases where an operation may produce any number of
warnings that may be encapsulated with a MultiError -- but may not be.

This function does not iterate an error's cause chain.

#### Parameters

-   `err` **[Error][45]** error
-   `func` **[Function][52]** iterator

Returns **[undefined][47]** no return value

## VErrorOptions

Type: [Object][46]

### Parameters

-   `name` **[String][43]** Name of the error.
-   `cause` **[Error][45]?**  Indicates that the new error was caused by `cause`.
-   `strict` **[Boolean][48]** If true, then `null` and `undefined` values
     in `sprintf_args` are passed through to `sprintf()` (optional, default `false`)
-   `constructorOpt` **[Function][52]?** \-If specified, then the stack trace for
     this error ends at function `constructorOpt`.
-   `info` **[Object][46]?** Specifies arbitrary informational properties.
-   `skipPrintf` **[Boolean][48]** If true, then `sprintf()` is not called (optional, default `false`)

## PError

**Extends VError**

PError is like VError, but the message is not run through printf-style
templating.

### Parameters

-   `arg` **...([String][43] \| [VErrorOptions][44] \| [Error][45])?** sprintf args, options or cause
-   `args` **...[String][43]?** sprintf args

## SError

**Extends VError**

SError is like VError, but stricter about types. You cannot pass "null" or
"undefined" as string arguments to the formatter.

### Parameters

-   `arg` **...([String][43] \| [VErrorOptions][44] \| [Error][45])?** sprintf args, options or cause
-   `args` **...[String][43]?** sprintf args

## MultiError

**Extends VError**

Represents a collection of errors for the purpose of consumers that generally
only deal with one error.  Callers can extract the individual errors
contained in this object, but may also just treat it as a normal single
error, in which case a summary message will be printed.

### Parameters

-   `errors` **[Array][50]&lt;[Error][45]>** errors

### Examples

```javascript
// `error_list` is an array of at least one `Error` object.
new MultiError(error_list)

// The cause of the MultiError is the first error provided.  None of the
// other `VError` options are supported.  The `message` for a MultiError
// consists the `message` from the first error, prepended with a message
// indicating that there were other errors.

//For example:
err = new MultiError([
    new Error('failed to resolve DNS name "abc.example.com"'),
    new Error('failed to resolve DNS name "def.example.com"'),
]);
console.error(err.message);

// outputs:
//   first of 2 errors: failed to resolve DNS name "abc.example.com"
```

### errors

Returns an array of the errors used to construct this MultiError.

Returns **[Array][50]&lt;[Error][45]>** errors

## WError

**Extends VError**

WError for wrapping errors while hiding the lower-level messages from the
top-level error.  This is useful for API endpoints where you don't want to
expose internal error messages, but you still want to preserve the error
chain for logging and debugging

### Parameters

-   `arg` **...([String][43] \| [VErrorOptions][44] \| [Error][45])?** sprintf args, options or cause
-   `args` **...[String][43]?** sprintf args

### toString

A string representing the WError.

Returns **[String][43]** string representation

### cause

For purely historical reasons, WError's cause() function allows you to set
the cause.

#### Parameters

-   `c` **[Error][45]** cause

Returns **([undefined][47] \| [Error][45])** Error cause

[1]: #verror

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #properties

[4]: #examples

[5]: #assigninfo

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #info

[8]: #tostring

[9]: #cause

[10]: #isverror

[11]: #parameters-2

[12]: #assigninfo-1

[13]: #parameters-3

[14]: #cause-1

[15]: #parameters-4

[16]: #info-1

[17]: #parameters-5

[18]: #findcausebyname

[19]: #parameters-6

[20]: #hascausewithname

[21]: #parameters-7

[22]: #fullstack

[23]: #parameters-8

[24]: #errorfromlist

[25]: #parameters-9

[26]: #errorforeach

[27]: #parameters-10

[28]: #verroroptions

[29]: #parameters-11

[30]: #perror

[31]: #parameters-12

[32]: #serror

[33]: #parameters-13

[34]: #multierror

[35]: #parameters-14

[36]: #examples-1

[37]: #errors

[38]: #werror

[39]: #parameters-15

[40]: #tostring-1

[41]: #cause-2

[42]: #parameters-16

[43]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[44]: #verroroptions

[45]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error

[46]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[47]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[48]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[49]: #verror

[50]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[51]: #multierror

[52]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
